# CS-330 Comp Graphic and Visualization

## How do I approach designing software?
 The first thing I do is get a high-level understanding of the overall scope of the project. Once I understand the big picture of what the project entails, I then break it down into smaller chunks that I can work on in a progression that builds upon each other to completeness. I then set deadlines for these smaller tasks to make sure that the project can be finished and progression can be measured. This process was learned when I went through CS-250(Software Development Life Cycle) here at SNHU and I have tried to implement this in approaching my projects since I finished that class. I have felt that this approach has helped me manage my projects from both a design aspect and a time management aspect as well. Since this approach is widely used in the industry, I feel I will be using this approach to help me complete projects here at SNHU and then also after graduation when I start my career.

## How do I approach developing programs?
Similar to how I approached the design aspect of the project, I used the strategies I learned from courses here at SNHU. Iteration played a large role in completing my project, as I had broken the parts down into manageable tasks that I could use like building blocks. As each task was completed, it was added to the final project. Following the steps in each module helped outline which tasks were completed and when. With first completing work on a single object, then adding in the camera movement, then adding texture, and then finally adding lighting, the large project was broken down into manageable parts that could be completed each week(like sprints) with a deliverable at the end of each week. During module 3 when I was working on the first milestone for the project, I knew making the code modular was going to be very important to completing the project, so I focused my research on how to do that and found lots of examples to take from of how to structure the code. Since I had a very good structure from the start, my approach did not change throughout the process, but rather stayed the same and allowed me to be consistent in my work. Having that good structure from the start and not having to change my approach during the project helped save me time, which allowed me to be able to get ahead of my deadlines, and allowed for me to be able to fine-tune some details in the project I was unsure if I was going to be able to get to or not.

## How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Short answer, it will help me obtain a position within the development industry, which is the purpose of me coming back to school. Longer answer, with it now being almost 14 years since I graduated from college the first time, and having not used my first degree, I chose computer science because it has always been a large interest in my life. The few skills I had before starting the program here at SNHU were mostly self-taught after taking an intro to Java program class during my time at Millersville University while getting my first degree. One thing that I have always enjoyed about computer science is the process of developing the code. The skills I learned through this course helped me see how I can apply a basic approach to learning a topic which will help me both in my future educational and professional development. 
